Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-cop3804-assignment-1
<br>
<p class="ui header product-top-header" title="COP3804 Assignment 1 Solution">The establishment called ABC Enterprise requires a Java program to keep a database of the inventory of the products that it sells. Each product is identified by its manufacturer, its name, the quantity, and unit price. Note: a manufacturer is characterized by its company’s name and addressIn addition to storing the information, the program should be able to make updates to the quantity and/or the price as time goes on. That is, when a sale is made, the quantity of that product must be reduced; similarly, when a product is re-ordered, the quantity of that product must be increased. Also, when there is a change in the price of a product, the price must be changed. The change must be interpreted as a replacement of the value. New products may be added to the inventory at any time; also, a product may be removed from the inventory at any time. Maintain a separate list the products that have been deleted from the database of active products.Your program must be able to produce three kinds of reports, namely:(a) Locate a single product and display its name, price and quantity alone.(b) The inventory report should be structured as follows:Product Purchase Date Quantity Price Manufacturer StateTelephone 01/20/2013 10 254.99 Motorola FLComputer 01/06/2013 15 756.99 CBS NY: : : : : :: : : : : :(c) A list of the deleted products should be structured as follows:Product Date ManufacturerPaper reams 01/20/2013 Morgan Jewelry: : :In your design, convince yourself that you need a minimum of four classes, not including the test class – Product, Manufacturer, Address, and Database. You may use the class called GetData.java, Listing 1.6 (in the textbook), for inputting the data. Use a scrollable panes to display your output.